COMODO is a software development company headquartered in the USA, well-known as leading global provider of Identity and Trust Assurance services on the Internet, with over 200,000 customers worldwide.
Project description:
CCS (COMODO Client Security) offers great virus protection with the added benefit of a fully configurable anti-spam system.
Featuring on-access and on-demand virus scanners, CCS also uses cloud based behavior analysis of unknown files to provide unrivaled protection against zero-day malware. The powerful AV engine is complemented by a highly configurable mail gateway to filter spam and block email-borne threats.
Responsibilities:
Decomposition of high level tasks
Design and implementation of new functionality for a product
Support previous versions of a product
Close cooperation with QA engineers
Preparing formal documentation regarding product components
Requirements:
Strong knowledge of OOO Design and Windows API
Strong experience in C++ (5+ years)
Experience (3+ years) in commercial development using MS Visual C++ and Windows Development Environment
Experience in multi-threading programming
Strong experience in STL
Knowledge of sorting and searching algorithms
Will be a BIG plus:
Experience in Windows/Linux/Android NDK system programming
Knowledge of PE and COFF file format
Knowledge of architecture executable files packer (UPX, ASPack, etc.) and archiver (7Z, Zip, Rar, etc.)
Knowledge of x86 Architecture and Assembler language
Knowledge of principles of operation of the machine emulator and virtualization (Qemu, Bochs, etc.)
Will be a plus:
Experience in C++11, Boost, etc.
Experience in Cmake, QMake, etc.
Experience in Python, LUA, etc.
Experience in debugging tools
Experience writing unit test
Why join COMODO:
Competitive salaries.
We know for sure that there are no such cookies in the world that can substitute the good paycheck:), so we provide competitive salaries according to the level of your skills.
Interesting projects.
Being a product company, we can ensure that you will be working on a challenging and interesting project (architecture-wise and functionality-wise). This way you will grow your expertise and develop a lot of new professional skills. All our projects are long-term.
Flexible working schedule.
We have flexible 8-hours working day, so you can work in your most productive time.
Comfortable working environment.
Our offices are conveniently located and have separate comfortable rooms for each team.
Kitchen with coffee machine, fridge, microwave, hot & cold water dispenser.
Tea, milk are always available!
Friendly team of professionals.
One of our top priorities is creating welcoming atmosphere throughout the company. We promptly address individual needs of our employees and constantly grow team spirit during corporate events.
Benefits that we offer:
fully paid sick leaves and vacation days (20 working days per year).
compensation of the tax payments.
English classes (during the working hours).
English speaking club with native speaker.
recreation area equipped with pin-pong table and other amenities.
incentives for the creative ideas.
